add post for GSoC 2023 participants (#799)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2023-05-03-google-summer-of-code-participants.md

---
author: Mark Moll
comments: false
date: 2023-05-03
layout: post
title: "MoveIt's Google Summer of Code 2023 Participants"
media_type: image
media_link: /assets/images/blog_posts/Google_Summer_of_Code_sun_logo.png
description: MoveIt's GSoC 2023 participants have been selected!
categories:
- MoveIt 2
- ROS
---
The MoveIt project is excited to announce that MoveIt was awarded 2 slots for the [Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) (GSoC) program. GSoC is an international program in which Google awards stipends to people who complete a free and open-source software coding project during the summer. Below are the students and projects selected for 2023.

[V Mohammed Ibrahim](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ibrahiminfinite/) ([Github](https://github.com/ibrahiminfinite)) is a robotics software engineer. He will be working on improved realtime control with MoveIt Servo. He will be mentored by Andy Zelenak and Sebastian Castro.

> [Mohamed Raessa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohraessa/) ([Github](https://github.com/Robotawi)) is a robotics R&D engineer with Avatarin inc. He has a Ph.D. in robotic manipulation from Osaka University, Japan. His project is focused on  improvements to the `pick_ik` solver. He will _also_ be mentored by Andy Zelenak and Sebastian Castro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mohamed Raessa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohraessa/) ([Github](https://github.com/Robotawi)) is a robotics R&D engineer with Avatarin inc. He has a Ph.D. in robotic manipulation from Osaka University, Japan. His project is focused on  improvements to the `pick_ik` solver. He will be mentored by Sebastian Castro and Stephanie Eng.
```
